Hi, I'm Zach, Warp's founder and CEO.
Excited to show you Warp today. So, when
you open Warp, what you're going to see
is a command line interface. It is a
aentic development environment, which
means it's a place where the primary way
of interacting with it is prompting an
agent to do something. But in Warp, you
can also just run terminal commands and
use it like a regular command line. If I
go ahead in here and run ls or pwd, you
see that we run terminal commands. If I
type in English in warp, it will
interpret it as uh launching an agent
and the agent will do something for you.
So for instance, I could be like
describe
my open git changes and this will kick
off an agent flow where the agent will
um basically run any commands or do any
context gathering it needs in order to
answer the query or do the thing that
you asked it to do. So this was really
simple. It's just telling me about my
current git branch.